PEP 678: add post-history, minor tweaks following discussion (#2294)
python/peps: pep-0678.rst

Requires: 654
Created: 20-Dec-2021
Python-Version: 3.11

> Post-History: 2022-01-27

Reviewer: There's no formal requirement I can find in PEP-0001, but less than a week of discussion and review between announcing/opening a discussion thread for a PEP and submitting it for final consideration for the SC seems _awfully_ short, at least to me...

use-case (see also `Non-goals`_), we prefer to begin with a restrictive API that can
be relaxed later.

We also note that converting an object to string may raise an exception, and that the
traceback involved will usually be more helpful if this occurs when the note is attached

> rather than after propogation when the exception and note is being formatted for display.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
rather than after propagation when the exception and note are being formatted for display.
```
